I work as a street cleaner, either that or I do some other kind of work like decorating or system administration.
On April 20, they came to search the home of my wife and me.
I was interrogated, and after a month, court ruled to put me in free trial detention.
When they let me out of the court room in handcuffs and put me into the vehicle, Lena, my wife, was at the exit.
From her words, I could sense that she felt as though she was losing me.
They took me to the detention center in the city of Ivanova.
They moved me from south to south, and then they put me into what is known as the pressure cell.
They told me I had to admit my guilt and tell them about my fellow worshippers, give them names, addresses, what they do, etc.
For me, that would mean losing my loyalty to God.
And the second thing was that it involved my loyalty to my fellow worshippers.
In essence, it was about showing love.
I said that for me, loyalty to Jehovah is about everything else.
So whatever happens, I will remain loyal to God.
I told them openly, directly.
They pressure me physically and emotionally for several months.
They brought me a Bible from the detention center's library.
Thanks to fervent prayers, I felt how Jehovah gave me internal peace and calm.
It proves that Jehovah doesn't just exist, but he thinks about us. He cares for us.
Jehovah supported me through a letters from my dear wife.
And it was the thought that trust in Jehovah means seeing things the way he sees them.
The prisoners who put pressure on me also expressed interest in spiritual things
and started asking questions relating to my beliefs.
Someone told me that if I'm really a believer, I should have objects to prove it, such as across,
which old believers were.
I told them that I could show them the Bible's viewpoint.
From what I read, he made his own conclusions.
And after some time, this prisoner came up to me and showed me that he wasn't wearing across anymore.
When you are in prison, the ministry isn't just about opportunities to tell people about the truth from the Bible.
It is more about Jehovah, using to help you keep a positive outlook and maintain joy.
The more we concentrate on what we had before, the more we suffer.
The quicker we accept the new circumstances, the quicker our joy returns to us,
along with the opportunity to make good use of the new circumstances.
The appeal instance court ruled to release me.
It was, of course, quite an unexpected decision.
At the exit, my dear wife met me and other fellow worshippers, brothers and sisters,
not just from my hometown, but from other cities too.
Liana and I thought it would be good to collect some essentials.
So we bought some things and went to the detention center.
And afterwards, one of the prisoners wrote me a letter of thanks.
I heard how everyone came to meet you.
I tried to imagine how cool it is to be loud, valued and missed.
For some, there's not enough of that in life.
Take care of yourself, Dima.
The letters from my wife were such a big support for me at that time.
To be honest, I saw her letters as if it were Jehovah using her to speak to me.
Nobody loves us as strongly as God.
You can right now feel my love to the full extent, or the love of your family and friends,
but the main thing is that you are in God's hands, and that is what's more important.
He loves you in a special way right now, and very gently looks after you and cares for your feelings.
By trusting in God, we can get a feeling of security, stability and calmness.
Our connection with God must be unbreakable.
If our strength is in God, then we will overcome everything.
Our suffering is just temporary, and God will reach the reward all who are loyal to Him.